SUMMARY
Correct output on supplied test files     1.2  Mark.
Correct output on hidden test files       1.0  Mark.
Threshold tests: Must be fully correct
    in order to earn other marks below     
  Program compiles correctly                   Threshold boolean.
  Exit without error in normal usage           Threshold boolean.
Program Design:                              
  Correct struct definition               0.2  Less 0.1 per error.  Threshold 2 errors.
  Error handling:                            
    Prints usage info if no parameters    0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
    Error message if file does not exist  0.2  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
    Exit with error if file not exist     0.2  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
  Other:                                     
    Files are opened and closed           0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
                                         -----
                                          3.0

NOTES
Correct output on supplied test files: 1.2 marks.
Your program's output is compared with the expected output row-by-row
and column-by-column.  Errors reduce the score for an individual file.
The mark is the average score for all the supplied test files.

Correct output on hidden test files: 1.0 marks.
Your program's output is compared with the expected output row-by-row
and column-by-column using test files that are not supplied to you.
Errors reduce the score for an individual file.  The mark is the
average score for all the hidden test files.

Program compiles correctly: threshold.
If your program does not compile, this threshold will not be satisfied
and other marks will not be awarded that require the thresholds.

Exit without error in normal usage: threshold.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program must exit with
appropriate status in order to be awarded other marks that require the
thresholds.

Correct struct definition: 0.2 marks, threshold.
The struct definition in your program code is compared with the
correct definition.  Any incorrect member names, or incorrect types,
are counted as errors.  The mark is reduced by 0.1 for each error, up
to a maximum of 2 errors when the mark becomes 0.0.  This marking item
is a threshold: There must be no more than 2 errors found in this item
in order to be awarded other marks that require the thresholds.

Prints usage info if no parameters: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  If the program does not
appropriately print usage information, the mark will be 0.0.  The mark
will be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not
met.

Error message if file does not exist: 0.2 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  If the program does not print an
appropriate error message, the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will be
suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Exit with error if file not exist: 0.2 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  If the program's exit status does
not correctly indicate an error, the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will
be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Files are opened and closed: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  If the program does not properly
close files, the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will be suppressed (set
to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Total mark is out of 3.0.
